[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[quasseldroid-1.strings_statusxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_status.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_status.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_status.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_status.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_errorxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_error.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_error.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_error.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_error.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_formatxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_format.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_format.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_format.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_format.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_preferencesxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_preferences.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_preferences.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_preferences.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_preferences.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_messagesxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_messages.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_messages.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_messages.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_messages.xml

[quasseldroid-1.stringsxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_setupxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_setup.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_setup.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_setup.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_setup.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_contributorsxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_contributors.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_contributors.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_contributors.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_contributors.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_infoxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_info.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_info.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_info.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_info.xml

[quasseldroid-1.strings_settingsxml]
source_file = app/src/main/res/strings/strings_settings.xml
source_lang = en
trans.de = app/src/main/res/strings-de/strings_settings.xml
trans.lt = app/src/main/res/strings-lt/strings_settings.xml
trans.pt = app/src/main/res/strings-pt/strings_settings.xml

